HOME

Bongos Agency is here to help with all your Web development needs

We have experts in the latest web technologies.
(Angular, SASS, Ember, etc...)

Experienced in development with a multitude of Content Management Systems(CMS)
(Wordpress, Shopify, Magento, etc...)


Whether you're a fellow web agency that needs an extra pair of hands for long or short term projects,
or a business looking for professional web development, we are the right fit for you.

Creating a custom experience for your one of a kind clients.

Feel free to contact us about any inquires
or
Get a free quote


WHAT WE DO

We are a software development consultancy for fellow Web and App development agencies.
Whether your agency needs some help on a one off project or for an extended period of time our
employees will offer all of their programming services and know how to your business.

//link to appropriate pages or sections
We have specialists in multiple languages, frameworks, E-commerce development,
and CMS platforms.

//section with icons and names of things we specialize in

We aim to be a sort of one stop shop for agencies when a project seems like just
a bit too much to handle or they just need some extra manpower to finish the
final sprint of a project.



CONTACT US

Feel Free to contact us via email or phone and we will be happy to answer all
of your inquires
// contact form 7 and maybe google maps


E=commerce
Here at bongos agency we build gorgeous professional E-commerce websites
using CMS platforms like WooCommerce, Magento, and Shopify
We do our best to ensure the best user experience and the highest possible
conversion rates on all of our E-Commerce websites



TECHNOLOGIES

AngularJS
AngularJS a complete JavaScript-based front-end web application framework maintained by Google.
It's main use is to create seamless User-Experience driven "single-page applications"

AngularJS two-way data binding is its most notable feature.
It largely relieves the server backend of templating responsibilities

Due to the fact that it is maintained by google it is made to be very search engine friendly


Wordpress
WordPress is a free and open-source content management system (CMS) based on PHP and MySQL
wordpress's ease of use for non-programmers is it's greatest trait.
It currently supports more than 60 million websites around the world

Javascript
Alongside HTML and CSS, JavaScript is one of the three core technologies of the Internet.
A majority of websites employ it, and all modern Web browsers support it.
Programmers also use JavaScript in crafting desktop/mobile applications, video-game development,
and in server-side network programming.

Magento
Magento is an open-source e-commerce platform written in PHP
Magento's market share among the 30 most popular e-commerce platforms is about 29.8%,
according to the research conducted by AheadWorks in May 2015.

EmberJS
Ember.js is an open-source JavaScript web framework. It allows developers to create scalable single-page web applications
by incorporating common idioms and best practices into the framework.
It has been used to create many popular sites, including Groupon, Twitch.tv, and Chipotle
Ember has been an early adopter and pioneer of many standards around JavaScript and the web including promises, web components and ES6 syntax.

CSS3
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in HTML.
Along with HTML and JavaScript, CSS is a cornerstone technology used by most websites to create visually engaging webpages
CSS is designed primarily to enable the separation of the formatting and the content
